# West or East

This simple but yet deadly test can determine how well can you distinguish between Kenye West quotes and famous quotes from the Eastern culture.
You will be tested by trying to determine if a quote has been said by the self proclaimed genius or actual geniuses from the east.
East or West, chose wisely ;)"

## Purpose

I have created this to actually practice the use of functions, stdin/out, parsing a json data and simple HTTP queries.
This was my very first try of golang so do not be too harsh on me :)

## Drilldown

The program is actually a quiz. It will as you 10 questions and calculate the answers.

### Randomness
I implement the random function from the "math/rand" package.
It was harder than it sounds because simply using `rand.Intn(length)` will not give me a random
number based on the same length always. Random numbers are generated by a Source.
Top-level functions, such as Float64 and Int, use a default shared Source that produces
a deterministic sequence of values each time a program is run. Therefore I had to implement an
element that will vary and "seed" the randomness of the function. This was done with 
`rand.Seed(time.Now().UnixNano())`. As you may imagine, this takes the time now in nanoseconds
so in fact we are guaranteed to have a different random number if the two executions of the
randomness are not done in the same nanosecond :)

### The loop

The questions are answered in a for loop (as you may imagine). The loop ends at 10.
In it I have a if statement which will ask a question. I take the question again "on random"
using our random function with random result "0" - a Kanye West quote and random result "1" - an
Eastern question.

To calculate the points I have a counter `score` which is aggregated by the function questionPoints.

### The questionPoints function

This function does two things:
* records your input and carefully check if it is either `east` (for Eastern quote) or `west` for
the genius mastermind of the generation.
* checks if this was the correct response: the function takes an argument - the correct answer (we
know that because we use it in the *if statement* alongside the actual quote and its source).

### The data

I take the Kanye West quotes with a HTTP call from this very cool free API: https://api.kanye.rest
Actually, this API and this project inspired the idea of this foolish tool...

I take the Western quotes from a static data file `data.json` in the form of a json format. Here I
use the "encoding/json" package to parse the json. I constructed the JSON myself from these sources:
https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/eastern-philosophy
https://inspirationfeed.com/islamic-quotes/
